feat(subscription): add configurable heartbeat for websocket protocol (#4802)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_subscription_websocket_heartbeat.md

### Subscriptions: Add configurable "heartbeat" to subgraph WebSocket protocol ([Issue #4621](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4621))

To account for GraphQL Subscription WebSocket implementations (e.g., [DGS](https://netflix.github.io/dgs/)) which drop idle connections by design, the router adds the ability to configure a heartbeat to keep active connections alive.

An example of configuration:

```yaml
subscription:
  mode:
    passthrough:
      all:
        path: /graphql

>         heartbeat_interval: enable #Optional

Reviewer: Why are we introducing `enable`?
The default before was 5s.

Reviewer 2: I was under the impression that it was disabled by default before?

Author: Yes, it's disabled by default.
Benjamin suggested to add `enable` since we already have 5s interval as default for callback protocol.
The idea was to allow customers to set reasonable defaults without trying to guess the numbers.

Author: Enable is equal to 5s, which is our current default for callback protocol.

> ### feat(subscription): add configurable heartbeat for websocket protocol ([Issue #4621](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4621))
> 
> Add the ability to enable heartbeat for cases where the subgraph drops idle connections.
> For example, https://netflix.github.io/dgs/
> 
> Example of configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Subscriptions: Add configurable "heartbeat" to subgraph WebSocket protocol ([Issue #4621](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4621))

To account for GraphQL Subscription WebSocket implementations (e.g., [DGS](https://netflix.github.io/dgs/)) which drop idle connections by design, the router adds the ability to configure a heartbeat to keep active connections alive.

An example of configuration:
```
